ALL: (HIGH-PITCHED VOICES)
Boop. Bop.
Okay, I don't want
to overstate this,
but these have to be the
best wedding gift bags ever.
It's gonna be hard to beat
Gwyneth Paltrow's wedding.
| heard they gave away
beautiful charcoal drawings
of Gwyneth Paltrow.
Ooh.
| can't believe
Brooke's getting married.
We've never even met
this Elliot guy.
| can't believe Jane and
Alex have an older sister.
| mean, we never see her,
never talk about her,
she never shows up
in any of your flashbacks.
Flashbacks? That's what Jane
and Alex call their photo albums.
God, Penny. Know what
things are called for once.
Trust me,
Brook is very real.
She has a perfect job
in Hong Kong.
Her hair smells like a perfect
beach made of cinnamon.
She is perfect.
And as maid of honor,
| need this wedding to be...
Say it with me...
ALL: Perfect.
Pearl Harbor.
Pearl Harbor! 'Cause we want
this wedding to be da bomb! Nope.
Just like that Michael
Bay movie "Armageddon.”
What?
Jane, you're acting extra
nuts, and I'm not talking about
"mistaking the teaspoon with
the tablespoon” kinda nuts.
I'm talking about "Mel Gibson
downing a 5-hour energy
"and by accident showing up
at a bar mitzvah" kinda nuts.
Brooke makes Jane crazy.
She out-Janes Jane.
She shows up,
becomes the Jane,
Jane gets bumped down
to Alex's level.
And I just stay the baby.
Look what Brooke got me so I
wouldn't be jealous of her ring.
Oh, a little suck candy.
I'm just glad
| got invited.
Like, I've known Brooke my
whole life and looked up to her,
but I didn't know that
she would remember me.
She doesn't. You and
Max are my plus-twos
and you're gonna have to
park some cars.
(WHINES) Jane!
Babe, everything's gonna
be fine, all right?
I'll be right by your side.
I'll even let
your racist cousins ask me
if I know Blair Underwood.
(LAUGHS)
Like... Like all black people
are friends are somethin'.
(LAUGHS) I mean, come on.
God, I wish I was friends
with Blair Underwood.
(OVEN TIMER RINGING)
J Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
S Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
(RINGING STOPS)
My clay beads are ready!
How many of you cool cats
wanna help me crank out
a few necklaces?
Oh! Oh, my goodness.
Yes, oh, my goodness.
(SNIFFS)
I'm working with
some polymers right...
Hey. What the...
Alex, I can see you hiding.
Can you still see me?
Yes. Even more now.
Fine!
Nice try, though.
So... (SIGHS)
(THUD)
When are we gonna tell
everybody about the thing?
What thing?
The thing about
how we broke up.
Oh, right.
(THUD)
That thing.
Wow.
So this is really happening.
We're breaking up.
Yeah, when you say it out
loud like that,
it just really sinks in.
Like when I found out
Gossip Girl was a guy.
(SIGHS) Totally.
So we both agree,
we don't tell everyone
until after your
sister's wedding, right?
Yeah, it would be too much
of a distraction. (SIGHS)
Plus, my family
is SO gossipy
and they always
get the story wrong.
Remember that one time you
said you like Sinead O'Connor,
and by the time
it got back to us,
you were teaching Wicca
at a women's college?
You were the only one
that I told.
Exactly.
Strength, courage,
composure, no carbs.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
(EXHALES) Uh-huh.
Here we go.
Hi, Brooke.
Jane.
Oh!
Welcome to my home!
BROOKE: Thank you.
And you must be
black... Elliot. Black Elliot?
Yes. That's just a nickname
that we'll stop using immediately.
(CHUCKLES) Thank you for
having us to your home, Jane.
Have you been renovating?
Hmm?
Because it looks like everything's
covered with a thin layer of dust.
Oh! (LAUGHS)
Ah.
Good catch. Yeah, I must've
just cleaned thoroughly
instead of compulsively.
Brooke!
Hello.
Gimme some love, girl.
(CHUCKLES) Nice to see you.
So good to see you.
(CHUCKLES)
And look what
you brought home.
Mmm!
Ah. (CHUCKLES)
An Elliot.
Hello, everyone.
ALEX: Hi!
Ah. Finally, another Elliot.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah.
| haven't hung out with another
Elliot in, like, two years, man.
Mmm.
(CHUCKLES)
(SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY)
(LAUGHS)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Uh-oh.
You know, he even
smells like an Elliot.
Ah. Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHS) Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, this is good.
Hey, yo, E. Mmm?
Can I ask you
a question, man?
(CHUCKLES) What's up?
(STOMPS FEET)
A little somethin' somethin'?
Please do.
(LAUGHS)
What we be ea yin'
when they ain't around?
| said, I said...
(HIGH-PITCHED VOICE) What
we be ea yin' when they ain't around?
White people be crazy?
Yeah, they do!
(LAUGHING)
(LAUGHS)
Aah! I knew you gon' know!
They do be crazy, though!
Some do.
Y'all do.
(FORCED LAUGH)
(LAUGHS)
Yeah, let's get you
a drink, my Elliot.
All right, I'm with that.
Brooke!
Little sis!
Hey!
Oh, it's so good
to see you.
(GASPS) What'd you bring
me? What'd you bring me? On!
Chinese rice candy.
You can eat the wrapper!
Shut up!
Mmm-hmm.
That'll save me
SO much time.
| love you, sis.
| love you, too.
Yay!
PENNY: Hey, girl.
Uh, hi,
I'm Brooke Kerkovich.
It's an...
(LAUGHS)
Hi. Okay.
Oh! (LAUGHS)
Brooke, Penny Hartz!
(GIGGLES) I slept over
at your house a lot.
Oh, I wrote that paper
on you in seventh grade.
Oh! You hit me
with your car,
and I had to wear
a leg brace all summer.
Oh, yes. That's right.
What leg was that again?
(GIGGLES) The left.
No. Sorry, I'm thinking
of someone else.
Yeah, totally.
Yeah, I was thinking
of someone else, too.
So much blonde.
(PLASTIC CRINKLES)
(MOUTH FULL) Hold on. Sit down.
(LOWERED VOICE)
She's an odd one. Yes.
So have you talked to Dad?
| can't believe
he threw his back out.
He's immobilized. He's
not coming to the wedding.
(GRUNTS) Should we postpone?
Postpone? At this stage?
(SCOFFS)
Jane, is that a joke?
Yep. (LAUGHS)
So... How are
the rehearsal dinner plans?
Perfect. Everything is done
to your specifications.
Where's Mom sitting?
Away from the band,
so she doesn't try to
join them for a song.
Flowers?
Hypoallergenic.
All tears should be caused
by the bride's glory.
Kids' table?
There isn't one.
Children should be seen and
not heard and also not seen.
Good.
(GASPS)
Ah.
Hi, Mom!
Well. Hi, sweetie.
(LAUGHS)
Hey, Janie!
Hey, Dad.
How you feeling?
Amazing.
Have you guys seen "Night at the
Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian”?
Because it is
a masterstroke.
Your dad's on a lot
of fancy pills right now.
He's really not himself.
Hey, Barb,
take me for a spin.
Show me what the hell else
I'm paying for in this joint.
Yep, he's still
pretty much himself.
Yeah.
Are there possibly
any other rooms available
for this weekend?
WOMAN: Let me check.
Why do you need
another room?
Oh. Uh...
You know,
'cause Dave and I just...
Have so much sex that
we need a cooldown room.
Okay, nobody has
that much sex.
Who do you think you are,
the Fonz?
(LAUGHS)
Okay, fine. Dave and |
broke up last week.
Oh, my God! | can't
believe it! Are you okay?
Yeah. I think.
| don't know.
Oh! Sweetie, I'm so sorry.
What happened?
Well, we were talking about
Brooke's wedding
and then we got locked
in our bedroom.
Again?
It's a old building.
The doors expand, the wood
separates, and we're idiots!
(DOOR RATTLES)
| can't believe Brooke's
marrying this Elliot guy
after only, like, a year.
It's kind of fast, right?
Well, they both dated a lot
of people before they met.
So when they met each other,
they just knew.
Like when I met the
bloomin onion, | just knew.
Well, we never really dated
anybody else.
I'll check
the bathroom window.
(SCOFFS) What...
What do you mean?
| mean, we dated other people
during our break. (DOOR CLOSES)
Well, I didn't really date.
| would call it a series of
mind-blowing sexual experiences
with a lot of beautiful women.
What about you?
Yeah, I had one guy, like,
feel me up.
What? It's fine.
Over or under the bra?
Whatever!
Was he quick with the clasp?
Doesn't matter, David.
| guess we didn't really
have a true break.
We're basically each other's
rebound relationship.
What are you saying?
| don't know.
| mean, Brooke and Elliot knew
that they were right for each other
'cause they both had
other real relationships.
This window's still jammed.
Let's... Let's try
the bedroom door again.
(DOOR RATTLES)
Oh, come on!
See, Dave? This is why I
don't shut the bathroom door
when I'm in here.
Wow. I am floored.
So...
Shh!
Okay, Dave and I swore that
we wouldn't tell anyone
until after the wedding.
BOTH: Hey!
MAX AND DAVE: Hey!
Hey... Back up a sec.
This is huge.
Alex just lets it rage
with the bathroom door open?
(BLOWS AIR) Batter move!
Max.
Sorry. I guess
| just got used to
you two dummies being
back together.
You okay?
Yeah. I guess.
In a way, it was kinda good.
You know, being locked in
that room for a couple hours
really forced us to finally
deal with our stuff.
So are we really
doing this?
Yeah, I guess so.
It sucks but it feels right.
You don't regret getting
back together, do you?
No. Of course not.
(WHISPERS) Okay.
| would've regretted
if we stayed together
just because of momentum.
Oh, then we'd be right back
where we started.
| don't want to
go through that again.
| don't even know
where I'd find a guy
who wears
rollerblades anymore.
Too soon.
(LAUGHS)
Let's get out of here.
Yep.
| mean really!
(DOOR RATTLES)
(GASPS)
Oh! What?
Seriously? Come on!
Why'd we close
this door anyway?
It felt right!
You're right. It did.
(DOOR RATTLES)
As promised, your
perfect rehearsal dinner.
Is this seating chart
laminated?
Yep. I got my own machine.
No big.
| did splurge
for the newest model.
I'll stop bragging.
Oh, yeah, I'm a card-carrying
member of the lami-nation.
We even have
our own constitution,
which can't we amend...
'Cause it's laminated.
(LAUGHS)
Isn't laminating
just a bit... Tacky?
W...w...what about
for spills and stuff?
How about instead of
protecting it from spills,
we just don't spill,
right?
Yeah. Yes.
That's a good idea. You...
Good note, Brooke!
(CHUCKLES)
(UNDER BREATH)
Lamination, Jane?
Why don't you just
cover it in glitter, you...
(WHISPERS) Cheap whore?
Hello, gay sir.
Hello,
Countess Vonboobs.
| have a secret, but I
shan't be telling you.
| have a secret as well,
and it's a real
doozie kurtz.
My secret's so big, just
the tip will be enough.
Yes, well, is your secret
bigger than the fact
that Alex and
Dave broke up?
Damn it, Max!
Come on.
That was my secret, too!
Damn it, Penny!
Why do people
tell us stuff?
Did I hear you say that Alex
and Dave are breaking up?
I'm sorry. I'm Alex's
second cousin Sherry.
(LAUGHS) No, actually,
we did not say that.
| think you might've
heard wrong.
You see, Sherry...
(CHUCKLES)
Alex and Dave are not
so much breaking up
as they are...
BOTH: Breaking Ground.
Ground on an addition
on their home.
Are they starting a family?
Because I knew
that I heard someone
talking about a
pregnancy in the bathroom.
BOTH: Sherry,
| gotta tell ya...
No. You're on the nose here.
(CHUCKLES)
Detective work is great.
Sherlock Sherry.
They're pregnant.
Super preggers.
Sperm has fertilized
the egg.
Right now, her uterus is
creating a nutrient-rich lining
to house and protect
the young fetus.
But do me a favor,
Sher Bear?
Why don't we just
keep this a secret
between the three
of us, huh?
Great.
Turn it and throw it away. Mmm.
(WHISPERS) How could
you start a rumor like that?
And how do you know
so much about uteruses?
Uteri.
You're a woman.
You should know which part
of the butt the baby comes from.
And look, this secret
cannot get out.
And right now, I'm feeling
a lot of heat in our direction.
(EXHALES) We need to
deflect it. Change the news cycle.
| was sniff in'
what you were whiff in'.
Penny, don't.
(SCOFFS)
(MEN LAUGH)
Look at him.
Elliot's got it so easy...
Because of all
the work I did.
| put up with
all their weird questions
and made them feel
comfortable around a black guy.
Oh, my God.
I'm the Jackie Robinson
of the Kerkovich family.
Sure. That's not
a leap at all.
| broke down
barriers, okay?
And Elliot should have
to go through what I did.
Actually, the true legacy
of Jackie Robinson
is that Elliot shouldn't have
to go through what you did.
| believe it was Medgar
Evers who once said...
Dude, we get it. You
minored in black history.
Afro-American Studies.
And I am offended by
your use of the term "minor."
Now is not the time, man!
(EXHALES)
All right,
Dr. Berg,
| know you delivered
every child in this family,
but you're in
the wrong seat.
So I'm gonna need you
to make like George Clinton
and get the funk
outta here.
Jane.
Yeah?
Why are you
freaking out on Dr. B.?
Because I put everyone
in the wrong place
because the seating chart
is ruined.
What?
| had to unlaminate it,
and then I got
those weird sweats
that I only get
when Brooke's around.
Well, that explains why
Mom ended up by the band.
J Oh, when the saints
Keep me out of this.
I Go marching in
Not happening.
J Oh, when the saints
go marching... No.
(MOUTHS)
J I wanna be there
in that number
J When the saints
go marching in J
Hallelujah!
So...
(GASPS)
The seating is
a complete mess,
and I'm pretty sure that woman
doesn't even belong here.
You bought me
my first maxi pad.
Aw!
Jane,
it's very clear to me
that the pressure
is getting to you,
and I think we need
to give you a simpler task.
Let go.
(PAPER THUDS) Instead of
helping me get ready tomorrow,
| think it would be better
if you handed out programs.
And you...
Yeah?
...are doing a
wonderful job. On!
(CHUCKLES) Thank you. Mmm-hmm.
(STAMMERS)
Yeah, that's a good plan.
(SCOFFS)
(CLEARS THROAT) Aw,
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
I'm good.
Okay.
I'm really good.
Yeah. I gotta...
Actually, | gotta
check on... Okay.
The thing in the...
Okay, big boy,
let's go.
(STRAINED VOICE)
Let's go.
Are you serious?
Elliot knows
Blair Underwood?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
And he loves it when
people ask him about it. On!
(SINGSONGY)
Here he comes.
Hey, Elliot. You know
Blair Underwood?
(IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE)
What? What?
Oh! (SCOFFS)
What? What? He... Ah!
(WHISPERS)
Oh, my gosh.
(NORMAL VOICE) Like all black
people are just supposed to know
Blair Underwood, huh?
Uh... Actually,
| do know Blair.
He's a great guy. He's a
spokesman for a charity I work with.
Wow! That is very
impressive, Elliot.
(CHUCKLES) The stories
you must have, huh?
What? No!
(ELLIOT LAUGHS)
The stories are stupid!
I'm impressive!
I'm Jackie Robinson!
Mmm...
So, Alex...
Drinking, huh?
In your condition?
Isn't that...
Uh, acceptable
in Europe? Yes.
How very French
of you, Alex.
| guess it is.
Ooh, la la! Pepe Le
Pew! French Stewart!
And, Alex,
how are your cravings?
Insane.
Totally insane.
Thank you for asking.
Um, this rarely happens.
| feel like
I'm missing something.
Like that time that everybody
turned on linen pants
all of a sudden. (IN
HIGH-PITCHED VOICE) No. No. No.
No, I don't, uh...
PENNY: Okay,
what are we gonna do?
We need to change
the news cycle again.
(GASPS)
| have an idea.
Hey! Hey!
Hmm?
Scuttle your butt
on over here, Sher.
| got some grade-A goss,
but you have it keep
it a secret. Okay?
Jane and Brad
are on the rocks.
You tastin'
what I'm wastin'?
Pen, come on.
Just...
Just don't tell anybody.
Oh! Your secret's
safe with me.
(LOWERED VOICE)
This better work, Max.
Give it time. Give it time.
(ALL WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
(LOWERED VOICE)
So this is hush-hush,
but Brad and Jane
are divorcing
because Brad
has a love child.
Wow.
That was fast.
They really
took it and ran.
Yeah, but you know what I liked?
They really
made it their own.
Hello.
Do not fold that!
It's not garbage.
It's a guide
to your magical afternoon.
Hey, um,
so Brooke heard
that you were making
people feel uncomfortable.
So she thought
it'd be better
if you just let the
podium do your job.
(MUTTERS) Sorry, Jane. | just...
| lucked out that,
you know,
| was born for this
whole flower girl gig.
(GRUNTS)
It's not at all how or when
you're supposed to do that.
REVEREND: Brooke, Elliot,
we've reached the big moment.
Elliot, do you take Brooke to
be your lawfully wedded wife?
| do.
(LOWERED VOICE)
No, no, no, no.
REVEREND: And you, Brooke, take
Elliot to be your lawfully wedded husband?
No!
What?
No, no, not them.
There is a fire,
and...
Programs are on fire.
(GASPS)
Everyone stay here.
I'm a volunteer firefighter.
(IN NASAL VOICE) I'm
a volunteer firefighter.
(IN NORMAL VOICE) Keep
reading us your resume, dude.
(HISSING)
Dave,
get Alex out of here.
The fumes are bad
for the baby.
Hey! I know I'm the
baby of the family,
but I'm a big girl! If I can
get through a corn maze,
| can get out of here.
No,
the baby you're having.
ALL: What?
(GUESTS GASP)
No, it's Brad and Jane
that are having the baby.
ALL: What?
(GUESTS GASP)
No! It's a love child that
Brad has with some floozy.
That's why they're
getting divorced.
(GUESTS GASP)
ALL: What?
I'm not having
a love child!
Well, then
who's breaking up?
Dave and I are.
What?
(GUESTS GASP)
| know. I...
We should've told
all of you sooner, but...
| have no idea where these
other stories came from.
Max and Penny told us.
Ah.
Okay, well...
Right.
Look, I'm sorry. | had to
change the news cycle,
like how I told
everyone Penny was 53.
Oh, come on!
No gasps on that?
Well, then who did
| overhear
talking about a baby
in the bathroom?
| know
it's a Kerkovich girl.
It wasn't me.
It was not me.
It's me. All right?
(GUESTS GASP)
I'm pregnant.
(SPRINKLERS HISS)
(GUESTS SCREAMING)
Ah!
(LOUDLY) Brooke,
the ceremony was lovely!
Who are you?
(LIGHT JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
How you holding up?
Well, my shotgun
wedding got soaked.
Yeah.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Look, I know you think
I'm perfect,
but I'm actually not.
You happy?
No.
Yes. Very much.
| Know I've always been
a little bit hard on you,
but it's because I knew
how much potential you had.
| knew you could be great.
Maybe even better than me.
(SCOFFS)
That's why
| had to destroy you.
(LAUGHS)
That is the nicest thing
you have ever said to me.
Well, you deserve it. Hmm.
Plus, you only sort
of ruined my wedding.
Max and Penny
really ruined it.
She remembered me!
(LAUGHS)
(TRAY CLATTERS)
Oh!
(THUD)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Again,
I'm so happy for you.
BRAD: Hey, yo, E.
Hey, man. Um...
(EXHALES)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Listen...
| just wanna
let you know that
I'm really happy
to have you in the family.
Oh, thanks.
And look, I know
you being here first
did make it
easier for me.
Well... Although, now
that you've knocked up
a Kerkovich daughter
out of wedlock...
(EXHALES SHARPLY) You're
gonna have it plenty rough.
Yeah. So I'm here for you, man.
Brother-in-law.
Elliot,
we need to talk.
Oh!
(STOMPS FEET)
You're in trouble!
(LAUGHS)
Do it, girl.
Congratulations, Elliot.
Our first grandchild.
Barb and I are thrilled!
It sure is taking
Brad long enough.
It makes you wonder
what's wrong with his stuff.
(IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE)
My stuff is fine!
Don't worry
about my stuff!
I'm sure
his stuff if okay.
It's excellent!
Aw, yeah!
This one goes out
to the baby mamas,
the not baby mamas, the
couples, the fake couples,
the brothers, the sisters,
and one handsome genius that
took a single loving peen pic
with every disposable
camera in this room.
(TAPS BUTTON)
Congratulations, Brooke and Elliot!
(MUSIC STARTS)
So apparently
you're having a love
child with some tramp.
Boo, the only tramp I'm
ever gonna put a love child in
is you.
Aw!
That is gonna be so fun.
(BOTH LAUGH)
As long as it's better
than Brooke and Elliot's.
Yes.
Yeah.
Mmm-hmm!
J I can go
where life takes me...
How ya doin'?
I'm good.
J For once I can say...
Hey, you know, we're
officially on the market now.
How about I find you
a dance partner?
Her?
Ooh.
No?
(CHUCKLES)
(GASPS)
Or her. She has
clearly got grind...
(SINGSONGY)
...on the mind.
You know what?
| think tonight,
| just wanna dance
with my friend.
Yeah, I'd like that.
& Not like it's hurt before
I For once I have something
| Know won't desert me
J I'm not alone anymore
I For once I can say, "This
is mine, you can't take it"
J As long I know I have love,
| can make it &
I For once in my life
J I have someone
who needs me
& Someone who needs me
I Ah, ha ha, hey, yeah
I Oh, love, baby I